## Game premise

You are given a "well known" picture of something. You have to describe this something to an AI, without _directly_ describing it. The AI takes you description and generates an image, which is shown to your friends.

Your friends have to guess the original "picture" based on the image generated by your AI prompt. You have 3 attempts to generate a good enough picture.

First friend to guess gets points.

The faster your friends guess, the more points you get as the "artist".

## Integrations

Server side endpoint using my own personal API key with openAI dall-e2

PeerJS to handle in-game comminication between players

Cheapo: List of "can't use" keywords.
Future: OpenAI GPT3 to ensure none of the AI image generation words are exact descsriptions of the image.

## Stages

HOST starts a new game, must enter his name first. HOST sends PEER IDs to other players. CLIENTS join (must enter name) until HOST decides "all players in".

HOST is first artist. Guesses cannot be made until "art" is finished.

Once first "art" is finished, CLIENTS can guess. Artist can regenerate art any time.

If CLIENT guesses exactly, CLIENT wins.

HOST can pick a winner at any time.

Each round lasts XX seconds. If no winner is picked or determined by timelimit, no one wins.

After the round ends, everyone can see the original image, the generated images, the prompts used to generate each image, and the winning image (if applicable).

After XX seconds on "round end" screen, game to next "artist" in HOSTS queue.

And end of game, you get a collage of the "art" everyone generated.

## Screens

- Start -- Pick a name
- Join -- Pick a name
- Waiting on other players
- Artist playing
  - Previous attempts component
  - Canvas component
  - Incoming chat component
- Guesser playing
  - No art
  - First image generated
  - Second image generated
  - Third image generated
- Round finish


## Tomorrow
https://nuxt.com/docs/examples/server/routes
